All right, in the last section, we have completed the Heather part, except with the user image and
authentication in this section, we're going to complete this part.
If you look at the final version of the project here.
We have an image that is coming from the Google.
Authentication.
With this hovering effect, and if you click on the image, we are going to sign out and instead of
the image, we see a button saying sign in when we click on Sign In.
We are going to redirect to a pay to a page with this address off signing, which we are going to create
in this section.
In this page, we have the Google.
Logo, a text and also a button saying sign in with Google.
If you click on this button.
We are going to redirect to accounts that Google.
And Google is going to ask us.
To choose an account so we can choose any icons.
Now let me choose this one code with the hand.
Just look at the image.
The background is yellow.
So as soon as we did well, we have this image instead of the previous one, and we are authenticated.
So this image is also coming from Google as well.
The data in order to do the authentication, we are going to use a package which is created for next
year and it's called next off.
So if we search for this next of.
Let me search it here.
I just stood here, we just searched next.
Off
in the search results, we have to click on next dash off 30th dot org.
So we click here.
This is actually a very powerful stuff, and it's created exclusively for next year.
You can play with the live demo with the there.
They show you how it works.
But let's go to get started and we installed that in order to install this.
The.
Package, you're going to use the version for we need to go to.
Upgrade guide.
Version four.
And.
If you're using NPN, you need to you need to use this line of code or you don't.
You need to use this.
I'm going, I'm going to use the NPN, so I copy this line of command.
I go back to the Visual Studio code and paste it inside the terminal.
So this is going to take a few seconds to finish.
So in the meantime, we got to get getting it started again.
And as you can see, they said we need to add an API raft.
So then in next years, there is a folder called API and Blueprint, because this is internal API.
Up next, yes, this is kind of like a backhand or exclusive for next year, which is the good things
about next year over react inside this API folder we need to create.
A folder called off.
And also a file called Bracket Dot Dot Dot next off 30th.
So we go back to Visual Studio code, as you can see, the installation has been completed.
We need to go to the Pages API and here we are going to create a folder called off.
And inside this folder, we're going to create a file called Dothat that leaks off.
And we close the bracket and we just said that Jesus.
We have a template here saying us where we can copy this template.
I'm going to explain it, so we copy this and we're going to Visual Studio code and paste it here.
The things we do is we imported Knicks off from Knicks off.
So which is a function, a functional component?
Then we have to it according to our interest.
We need to get the provider.
They have different types of provider like Facebook, GitHub, Google and etc..
We're going to use the Google.
This template has the, uh, is created for GitHub.
So let me change the GitHub to Google.
So let me increase the size, so here instead of GitHub provider, which is we just have to say Google
provider.
And this is coming from next it off forward slash providers Google.
So here in the providers, we need to change this GitHub to to Google and instead of GitHub idea and
GitHub secret, we should have Google.
Client I.D..
And Google client secrets, I'll show you in a minute how we get these, uh.
Google client secret.
All right.
So this is coming from environmental variables, process that in be so because we need to protect this
one.
So the public people, when we are there visiting our website, they cannot have access to these IDs
and secrets because they can use this, use it and finish our codes or misuse it.
So we need to hide these credentials.
So we need to create a file here in the roots called.
Dot, EMV, dot local.
And all the environmental variables is going to be inside this.
So we have two environmental variables.
One is Google.
Client I.D. and we have Google.
Client's secret.
All right.
In order to get these things, these credentials, we need to go to Council Dot Google.
So let's go to here and I'm going to search for a.
Sorry to cloud.
We search for cloud.
Google or Google Cloud?
If you scroll down a little bit after the advertisement, we have clout that Google dot com.
So we go there.
And, uh, make sure to sign in with a proper account.
This is my Gmail account I already signed in after signing.
Let's go to console.
And after council, let me assume it a little bit.
You can see that it's already chosen one of the projects that I practiced before it, that that is.
Cool, version two.
We need to create a new project for our self, and we call this project.
You cannot use the word Google.
It's against Google's terms of service.
So even they don't allow you to use the word Google.
So instead, I'm using the word go.
So just bear in mind that you cannot use the word Google and we just say create.
So now we have the project.
It's creating now, so already finished.
So we go inside the Google.
Three, version three.
And here.
We go to this menu navigation menu and we click on API and services and you go to credentials.
As you can see, we don't have any configuration or of consent, is it remember to configure your off
consent screen?
So first, we need to fix this one, so we click on configure a screen.
This is the screen that people come and should sign in.
Uh, we just need to choose external because we want everyone to use our application later.
So we say create.
And the name of the application was just a.
Google's version three, I choose my email.
We don't need a logo, but if you want for your website, you can add a logo here.
So it's going to appear here.
When someone sign in and a domain just for now, we use that as tips.
So, Rick, just let me copy this.
Localhost three thousand.
And the email address is my email address.
So if we click save and continue.
So this is.
And nothing important is just to save and continue.
And we don't need any test users, we just say.
And finally, we go back to our dashboard.
No, the pages, OK, we just go back to credentials and.
Here on the top, now we create the credentials we click here.
The credentials we want to create is of client I.D. because we want to sign in people.
So if you choose this on.
We choose that application tie.
It's a VVIP application.
And the name is just the Google version three.
The origin is a localhost three thousand four redirect just for now, we put the localhost two thousand
by later.
We have to change this.
I show you how in a second because we have to create our page and then if we fix this one we have,
we can come back and fix this.
So we create this.
This is going to give us some credentials.
Now we have we have your client ID and client's secret.
So we can copy the client I.D., we go back to the visual studio code into the dots EMV, that's local
and we paste it here.
Then we come back.
It's already gone, but you can get it.
Here you can go here and get the client I.D. and classic secret here.
So we copy this on for clients secret.
And we go back to.
But EMV that local and replaced with you after doing this.
We can't keep continue for our next off.
So we are you have a good client identified six so we can close this file.
This one as well global thesis.
So the next step?
Is to create the signing page.
But we should tell the next of where is the address of the sign in place, if you remember for our final
version here?
The actress was.
If we sign in the address, first off signing.
So we need to tell this next off this address.
So inside the next hour, 30 years after the provider.
We just need to.
Put the pages and we call this page.
We just say this is the case for sign-In, but this is a sign it is like a camel case and it's equal
to.
Off.
Forward slash sign and but this is not camel case, just remember how to do this and out of forward
slash here as well.
This is this is going to be outside to provide.
So here still, we are inside the floor.
All right.
So we have the pages.
Now let's create the page.
So we.
Just the.
Inside the pages, we create a folder called Off.
This is inside pages, it's not inside the API, so this is different.
And then we create a file called sign in.
30TH.
Let's create a reactor functional component here.
And now we let's test that these website that existed or not, this can be a case if you can make it
quick, if it's fine.
So now in our web site, let's first turn on the server.
Using NPR around there, we go to our local host to tell the.
So we should see the page here, if you add it forward slash or.
Forward slash sign in.
We should see the pitch now we're just saying sign it.
Let's work on this page for now.
Just create the logo and the signing.
So.
We can have the header at the top simply by just adding.
Heather here was just say, Heather.
We import this component, Heather, that is so important.
Now, if we go back to our Web site, you see we have the header in this page simply, we added, then
we need a couple of things we need to get.
We can't get rid of this bill.
We don't need that there.
And.
We just create a death here and inside this there, we need to get the providers.
As you remember, the next US is going to give us some providers like Google provider here.
So how do we get this information off the Google provider?
The it's very simple.
We need to just use if function to get.
These providers here.
But we're not going to use a normal function.
This is a server side rendering function that this is exclusive for the next two years, so we just
need to write export.
And export, this is a scene cryonics finance function and B it's called get server side.
Props.
This is exclusive for next year, and this is going to render this part, this function inside the server,
not the user's browser.
So this is going to helps the user to get the information faster because most of the servers are are
very good and very, very fast.
So first, this function is going to execute inside the server and the user is going to see the page
after this one comes.
So it's very fast.
So we just need to create this function, and this function is going to gives us the providers we asked
for the providers from the function inside the next year next.
So next off, next off provides us with a function called kit provider can see the suggestion.
But this is going to be after a way because we want this to get these providers first and then we pass
it to the client side.
So how we get we pass it to the client side by just returning, it is a return it as it props.
So we just return it here and we call it props.
And this is going to be the providers, the destruction.
All right, so we get the gas providers here and we can achieve this profits at a top here in the client
side.
This is the client side.
This is the server side.
So we get the information in the server side and we pass it through a props to the client so we can
get the props here, but let's structure it and we just get the providers.
You get all the providers here.
For why there's and we need to import this one and this is going to come from next off of we didn't
get the suggestion, so we need to import it manually.
So this is going to be the import.
Get providers.
From.
Next.
Off forward slash react.
This is the address.
So inside this debate, we're going to look through all the providers, we only have one providers,
but this is the procedure and this is going to help you later to add more providers this fall.
So we're going to look through it using this to just say object.
Objects that object to value because we want to get the values and we want to look through the providers.
So we just provided that map.
And this is going to gives us each provider.
So if we just the.
Returned directly.
And Div here.
And, you know, you just have to bear in mind if any time you use map, you should provide a key.
Otherwise you get an error and maybe you don't get an error when you're doing it inside your development
mode.
But in the production, when you're deploying it inside the bear, so you would definitely get an error.
So we just add the key here.
The key is going to be provider that name, which is always.
Unique because we are getting, for example, Google Facebook Guitar, and the name is always unique.
All right.
So this is going to gives us.
So let's get the image first.
We add the Google image.
We just add an image and the source will be, uh, we just search an image here for Google.
The image.
And this is fine, we just get the image from the Wikipedia.
Just need to.
Copy the image.
Address.
And pasted here.
Let's see.
Yeah, we got the image here.
This is the sign in page.
All right.
But this is kind of weird, the source.
Check again.
I hear we should copy not there, so we copy the image from here.
Copy images here and be pasted.
And this is the correct.
That was a little bit weird, but it was showing the image.
So this is the image we have.
The alternative is Google logo.
And later, we're going to style it first, let's finish this, uh, after this, we add a paragraph.
And which is saying this website.
Is.
Creative.
For learning purposes, the reason we add this.
The reason we add is because this is actually we're copying someone's website without any permission,
so uh, but if you want to have a fair use, you shouldn't use it as a commercial.
We just need to say this is for learning purposes.
Otherwise maybe you get, uh, removed.
Or anything's happened.
So just for safety, you just add this one to your website, always.
If you're doing a column like a Google on Instagram on, et cetera.
So after this paragraph.
We add a button, so we just say button and the buttons is going to say, sign in with Google, but
we don't want to just write Google, we want to get this name from the provider.
Wow, so we just need to write down this and we copy this one.
The key here, we just provided that name, which is going to be a Google.
All right.
You see, now we have Google here.
So now if you click here, we should redirect to Google, but uh.
Let's see now we haven't finished yet, so.
So the things we need to do is just to wrap everything inside our website with the.
Provider as well, so, uh, you know, all the website is covered inside a file called Underline App
that you use.
If you go to this file, you see that anytime you have a request to the website is going to come from
this website and all that.
Even the solver here.
So this is wrapping all the application and they call it my app.
We have the similar things inside the reactor as well.
And we call it after James and here we call it underline app that yes.
So we need to wrap this application with the index off provider and we call it decision provider.
So this system provider is going to make a decision based on your signing situation.
If you are signing and you've got the token from the Google.
So all your application has this create efficient so you can you are authenticated, basically.
But if you find out you're going to be going to destroy that token, there is no solution.
So here we need to import something called solution provider with the capital.
Session.
Provider.
And this is going to come from.
Next off, forward slash react similar to one we did previously for providers, fish and provider here.
And this is going to wrap the application.
So here, instead of returning directly to component, we open a parenthesis here.
It bring this one inside.
All right.
And we're going to cover this decision, right?
So we're close to this one.
And we bring this one to the center.
Sorry about that.
All right.
But this is should have this session, so here with just this session is equal to session and this session
is coming from the to here.
So we're going to distract this structure, this, uh, page props, we call it.
This is going to give this decision.
And also, if the page itself, the page prop.
So instead of just saying the beach profits, you get the decision on Page four of us together, so
we have both.
And if this decision is true, all our application is authenticated and if it's false or they are not.
So this is fine now, let's try it again here.
So we're going to this refresh the page.
We didn't come here actually from the sign in, we came directly, actually, we have to go to our home
page and here we should add a button call sign in and from that signing and when clearly lack the we
have inside the final version.
Inside the final version, if you go to the home page, actually.
And when you click on signing, we don't go.
Just to that off and sign it, we have a call back, you are a lifesaver.
So if you need to create a callback, you are.
So we and here when we click on Sign In with Google, we go to Google because Google needs this callback
as well.
All right.
So let's create this button and other things as well.
So.
In our application, which is here, we only write down user here, but inside the user that yes, now
we should have a signing.
If someone is not authenticated.
So here we need to get a few things.
Let's remove this react.
We need to import.
Three things from next off.
One is the U.S., because we want to get the decision, we want to be sure that someone is decision.
Is it true or false?
Because we want to be sure that someone is authenticated?
Then we have something called sign and which is a building function for next off.
And also we have something called find out.
All right.
So we have the signing sign out this the function we're going to use and we have.
This is coming from the Knicks of Forest reacts.
So we did a different OK.
So in order to get the session here after the before they return, we create a constant which gives
us the data from this.
Not from the this is equal to U.S., so we are getting that data from the U.S., we called this data
session instead of saying data that doesn't make sense.
We just call it fishing.
All right.
And here, instead of returning user, we just say if a person is authenticated, so it means that if
this decision is true.
Then return.
Return this.
Otherwise.
Return something else, look, so.
Otherwise we want to return if signing.
So here, let me remove this all.
OK.
And this is just create empty fragments.
And inside this, we create a button.
All right.
We create a button and we call it sign in.
So let's see that it's working or not.
This return should return something as far.
So here we turn.
And empty fragments as far.
This one, we just say sign out for now.
I'm going to fix it later.
Okay, let's see that we're getting anything.
We should get a sign in here, but this signing doesn't go any better now.
So we add it on.
Click here.
These aren't clear, he's going to call this function, design and function.
So we're going to use this signing to really go to this signing page.
So now if we click this on this signing, we're going to redirect to this page.
All right.
Which has to call back the oil as well.
And now if you click on the sign in with Google, we should redirect.
No, it's still you cannot go.
We should actually define the callback URL as well.
So inside this signing, duchess?
If you remember, we created a button with just sign in with Google, but we didn't at any sign in ability
here, so we need to add on click here.
And this unclear is going to return a function.
That is going to.
Call this sign.
All right.
Signing function from the.
Next off, we need to imported.
So.
And that's.
Now, let's put it at the top.
So here we are importing gift providers and we need to import signing as well.
So just to sign in and let's change this signing to the lower case that doesn't make.
Called this function instead, so.
Or you can call this anything else.
So, uh, here we call this function sign in.
But the issue is signing the bill to the provider that should be the provider.
We just said provided that I.D. and the callback, the URL.
The callback you are is equal to forward slash, which is the homepage.
So when the user is authenticated by Google, we need to come back to the local or homepage.
So let's try this again.
So I'm going at actually a step by step.
You know, that's all the what's happening here.
So when now we click on sign and it could well, we should go to the Google account of Google, but
this is going to gives us an error.
If you remember before that, it didn't define the here.
We didn't define the redirect our.
So we need to copy this.
All right.
We need to copy this, we go back to our.
Credentials, which was the application we are working on, we added this off to client IDs and.
Here in the.
Redirect, you or else we need to change this.
To the one that we got from Google.
All right.
We saved this.
And now if you try to sign in again.
They try to sign, you know, we went to the correct position that is asking us an email or something.
So I just write down my email.
Which is, say, quote with a hand at Gmail dot com.
I quickly write down my passport.
All right, now, we need to be redirected to the local street house and instead of seeing sign in things,
sign up because here we are defined inside the user that yes, if the person is sign in, just return,
sign up.
But let's create this button and make it.
Instead of the button, we get the image and show it here.
So you just delete this and create an image.
And this source is actually fiction.
The user and the decrease to.
Sound.
Yeah.
Session that use it, that image.
I can refresh the page, we should see my energy.
All right.
So now the image is fine, but we want to when we click on the image, we sign out.
So we added on click here inside the image.
I'm clicked with the.
Capitalists see.
And this is going to call this sign out function.
So just a sign out, which is a building function from next year.
Now we should be signed and there isn't a show sign out because we're in a deployment mode.
So because we are always saving and the something happening.
But in the production mode, we shouldn't get this problem.
But if you refresh, you'll see that you're still signing.
So now if we click on the image, we should sign out.
All right.
Signing again.
So let me add another account, so we be sure.
So instead of just having one account of another account, I just called, I choose and my other email.
And a passport.
Yes, with my passport clipped, the.
And I think this icon is going to ask me to verify with my tablet.
Let me get my Typekit real quick and sign in.
So this is the only one time happens and the next time you are sign.
All right.
OK, so.
Yeah, now I'm signing with a different account and Google, it's close to Google, so let me sign in
with my another account, which is for her and you should see different image, which is has it doesn't
have any background color.
So let me solve this a little bit, so the image we had a class name, the art is just user rich.
And we had a class name.
We just decreased the size a little bit.
We just say it's 10 and we add it with 10 as well.
And you make it a circle, they it rounded full.
We added padding because I want to add a background color.
Just add the background color of gray.
Two hundred.
But this one we don't want to I don't want to have this all the time when I hover over the image, I
want to have the background color.
All right.
So let's change the cursor to be pointed, so we see a pointing and then B hover over the image.
And I want to add a little bit, the background covers the image as well.
So when we have an image with the background, we can see the background gray color as well.
So we added padding up one.
So now it's like this.
Let's try the other image.
This one.
Yeah, that's nice, too.
And let's install the sign in button as well, which is this one.
Here.
So we add a class name, the class name is going to have a background.
Color of blue.
Five hundred.
But they want I want the text to be white, so you can see the text.
And let's add some padding to the x axis.
Of, uh.
Six and then in the way of.
To.
Let's make the effort to be a little bit bold.
We just see in font media.
And we add around that corner.
We just see a rounded median.
This year, and let's add some of the hovering effect when we hover, I want it a little bit brighter.
So we just say hover.
It's easy to do it.
We just and the brightness of 100, for example, five five percent brightness.
That means zooming at events, you can see it's.
Yeah, and also, I want to add some shadow as well when we hover over the elements.
So we just to hover shadow.
A very small shadow like medium shadow would be fine.
You see the shadow.
All right.
So this is a signing, and let's establish this this page as well, the logo and this one, everything.
So we go back to.
Signing that, yes, the page for the image, we had a class name.
We just say width of 50 52.
That's fresh this.
And we just the object cover to prevent this threat stretching the page is starting to look.
All right.
Object cover, not all.
So this is fine for the paragraph.
We just make it.
We just change the text to be a small.
All right.
Make it Italy.
So it's just be a little bit italic and margin y of 10.
And so we have a bit of a space between the logo and the button.
Then we make the takes center.
In order to bring the logo and button to the center, we just added Flexbox to just display Flex to
the upper dev here.
We just say.
Uh.
Here we just said the flags.
We changed the display to flags, but the flex direction should be column because we want them to be
on the top of each other and in order to bring them to the center, we just use items center.
You see the everything Pulitzer Center.
And let's bring them a little bit down, we added emerging.
Top of 40 here.
So that's fine.
Everything is fine, except this button, let's make this button like a Google button.
So we add a class name.
We want to end.
You want the background color to be.
Read four hundred.
And we want it to be rounded but large.
All right.
But we want the ticks to be white.
And finally, we when we just added padding, so we have a space.
And let's add some hover effect here, too.
So when we hover over it, I want the red color.
The background rate corner.
To be instead of the four hundred I wanted to make it five hundred, so a little bit doctor.
Like this?
Yeah, that was it for the authentication part.
So if you refresh now, we have a sign out that sign in.
They see that it's working now in the next section, we're going to start with the body section if you
look at the final version.
You go to the home page.
They see that the in the next section, we're going to create this parts there we get.
We show the logo, the input and these buttons.
Before we're getting, let's add our.
Get job like a push, everything together, so you stop the server using controversy.
We just get at everything using it at.
We had a comment with a message of.
And often.
Taxation.
And two kids.
User data.
From who?
Then he captioned the.
OK, authentication.
And we push everything to get up.
So let's that's what's happened to the here.
Yeah, I just made a mistake here.
Got pushed.
No gift.
All right.
Let's review what we have done here.
So now we have four comments, and the last one is add authentication, I get user from Google.
So we create we modify the user duchess file, so we added a condition.
We just say if the person is authenticated, so show the.
Like an image with a sign out ability.
And also, if the person is not authentic, I just show a button saying sign in.
Then we have we covered everything in the insult, insult kicks off.
He covered it and the application with the system provider.
We created a file called Nix A30s, and we got all the providers we the providers we used was the Google
provider.
We created the page address here.
And we created a page called Sign In Inside a folder called Off.
That is just a logo.
That paragraph and assigning to Google.
We got the information from the providers using server side function.
And that's it, that's it for the things we did, but uh, yeah, it was big things to do.
But that was it.
So see you in the next section for the body part of our project.